symbol is logical_object
ccy_pair is symbol
currency is symbol
ccy is currency
RIC is symbol
bb_ticker is symbol
ISIN is symbol

environment is container
PROD isA environment
UAT isA environment
DR isA environment
QA isA environment
DEV isA environment
RES isA environment

HDB is q_database
RDB is q_database
RDBMS is classic_database
Oracle is classic_database

SQL is computer_language
QSQL is computer_language

PC is personal_computer
ZIP is file_format

region is container
EMEA isA region
US isA region
APAC isA region
ASIA isA region
JPN isA region

US_country isA country
Brazil isA country
Japan isA country
Russia isA country
Australia isA country
China isA country
Taiwan isA country

new_york isA city
sao_paulo isA city

stock_ric is RIC
future_ric is RIC
fx_ric is RIC
spread_ric is RIC
index_ric is RIC
tweb_ric is RIC

ICE is exchange
NYSE is exchange
LSE is exchange
BMF is exchange
BOVESPA is exchange

Excel is application
QPad is application
KDB is application

bid_price is price
bid_column is column
ask_price is price
ask_column is column
bidPrice_column is column
askPrice_column is column
bid_size is size
bidSize_column is column
ask_size is size
askSize_column is column
max_price is price
high_column is column
min_price is price
low_column is column
open_price is price
open_column is column
close_price is price
close_column is column
price_column is column
size_column is column

trade is table
quote is table
depth is table

pm_time is time_val
am_time is time_val

int31 is int_number

physical_object in container

server is physical_object
